[Term Entry] Python: ANOVA & Hypothesis Testing (#5943)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/statsmodels/terms/anova-and-hypothesis-testing/anova-and-hypothesis-testing.md

- `sm.stats.anova_lm(model, typ=1)`: This function performs an [ANOVA analysis](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/statsmodels/anova-lm) on the fitted model:
  - `model`: This is the fitted model created by the `ols` function.
  - `typ=1`: This specifies the type of sum of squares to use in the ANOVA calculation. Type 1 is a sequential sum of squares, which evaluates each variable in the order it appears in the formula.

## Example

The following example shows how to evaluate differences in average test scores across three teaching methods:

```py
import pandas as pd
import statsmodels.api as sm
from statsmodels.formula.api import ols

# Sample data
data = pd.DataFrame({
    'Score': [85, 89, 76, 71, 80, 78, 93, 95, 88],
    'Method': ['A', 'A', 'A', 'B', 'B', 'B', 'C', 'C', 'C']
})

# Define the model
model = ols('Score ~ C(Method)', data=data).fit()

# Perform ANOVA
anova_table = sm.stats.anova_lm(model, typ=1)
print(anova_table)
```

> The following table presents the output of the ANOVA analysis for this example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table presents the output of the `ANOVA` analysis for this example, showing that the teaching method has a statistically significant effect on the scores, with a `p-value` of `0.027`:
```

---
Title: 'ANOVA and Hypothesis Testing'

> Description: 'ANOVA (Analysis of Variance) tests if group means differ significantly.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Tests if group means differ significantly using ANOVA in hypothesis testing with Python and statsmodels. '
```
The description must be under 150 characters and should start with a present-tense verb.

  - `independent_variable`: This is the categorical variable (factor) that you believe affects the `dependent_variable`.
  - `C()`: This tells the function to treat the `independent_variable` as a categorical variable.
- `data=dataset`: This specifies the dataset being analyzed. It must be a structured data format, such as a **[Pandas DataFrame](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/pandas/dataframe)**, where the variables in the formula are columns in the dataset.
- `model = ols(...)`: This creates a linear regression model using the specified formula and dataset.
- `.fit()`: This method fits the model to the data, meaning it estimates the parameters of the regression model.
- `sm.stats.anova_lm(model, typ=1)`: This function performs an [ANOVA analysis](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/statsmodels/anova-lm) on the fitted model:
  - `model`: This is the fitted model created by the `ols` function.
  - `typ=1`: This specifies the type of sum of squares to use in the ANOVA calculation. Type 1 is a sequential sum of squares, which evaluates each variable in the order it appears in the formula.

## Example

> The following example demonstrates how to analyze whether average test scores differ among three teaching methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to evaluate differences in average test scores across three teaching methods:
```
Rephrased the sentence for more clarity.
